Spesof and I after a long battle decide to spend the rest of the day travelling towards the Hungry Sorrowswarn of the east. We get about 4 hours into our travels when we get very hungry all of a sudden and had a compulsion to eat some food and consume 8 rations. We eventually find the location of the sorrowsworn and head back to get some rest and heal up. Momen woke up in a hot fiery inferno and asked us of all the question he had about what happened with the angry sorrowsworn. We prepare for battle and head on our way to the Battle.

When we get there, there seems to be an argument with some small person and the sorrowsorn over some barrel. The barrel tipped over and immediately hostility ensued so I and the rest of the party lined up to take our action. The big question is, is the rando dangerous or not? I line up my first shot and i miss just barely, this is a sad day to be an archer

Im not having a good day today, my other arrows seem to be missing too. I must be tired. Momen doesnt seem to be having fun, and spesof is just flying around being a hooligan again. Momen went down pretty fast, this thing was really hungry for dwarf. The drunk appears to be wanting to fight this thing so maybe shes a friendly? I was able to run up to the hill on the rock and shooting it, THIS TIME HITTING IT.  We are on a roll, but its pretty slim pickings ofr the two of us. Spesof uses the potion i gave him on momen and uses some sort of arm movement thingy to yeet momen behind him? Not really sure what happened there. The rando made everything REALLY bright, This is probably going to help out in battle. Maybe shes cool afterall. I Managed to finally do damage! Spesof ont he other hand, got MONCHED on and took some hefty damage. The drunk dude puts in some really solid pot shots and stuns the darn thing and I was able to quickly finish it off after that. EVERYONE IS STILL IN TACT

The thing just ate itself and now its pitch black

We start running away from this random ass popping sound that trails us fast. We run into a Satyr at a bridge but manage to steal past it. We then run Traverse terrain with the randos skills, and Momen helps us get through a spore patch and we still spend time running. Momen tries to use arcana to fogure out "faster" paths and Rando Calrissian tried to use medicine to look at the ground and both failed in their attempts. An apparition appears out of nowhere and offers to get us out of the place but momen fails to historically think of an offering to give him. Luckily we were right at the ridge anyways so we managed to make it out in one piece... for spesof and momen, barely...

Something isnt quite right back in town, Theres a bard here that wasnt here beforehand this is weird. He eventually speaks up to use and speaks of being some sort of knower of things, typically about dragons. This is [[Truthstride]] and we are going to exchange some questions/answers. I dont know if i like this guy so far.