---
author: "[[Spesof Beegstick]]"
log number: 181
date: 2024-03-19
---
Waiting for [[Caspar Dorthana Ⅲ]] to arrive in [[Knight Faire]], Momen works on his spellbook, Tittlin asks around about buyers/traders for the Death Kiss parts on my behalf, and I do some expert fishing by the river to stock up for our journey. Tittlin reports back and says that specialty shops would pay more for the parts, typically in less built up areas, so it's best not to try to sell or trade the parts here.

The next morning, Caspar arrives with 9 men. Tittlin tries to spook him, ominously speaking about not entering the door on the boat, although I don't want to spook him before the journey's begun and encourage him to cut it out. We cut to the chase and all board the boat. Rittlin takes up his role as the Captain, myself the Boatswain, Tittlin the Navigator, and Momen... the scribe. Set sail for Astain!

The four hour journey is quite uneventful, and we debate where exactly to start between [[Augafort]] and [[Tumblebar]], eventually deciding on Augafort despite the portage required to get to Tumblebar later. 

I inquire about Caspar's plan for diplomacy and he describes his reasoning for going the appeasement route, citing the Empress's lack of prior influence in Astain. The CCMB leads the way to the Augafort mayor's office, and he seems elated to see us. We shoot the shit briefly and introduce Caspar. 

Caspar outlines the plan for Astain to become a duchy, and the mayor seems surprised but amicable, particularly with Caspar being supported by the monster bashers. Astain becoming a duchy generally seems to be beneficial to the entire population. The mayor confirms his support for Caspar over [[Amalas Sylnala]] and gives us some tips for dealing with the mayors of [[Yertleswade]] and [[Tumblebar]] before we head off to Yertleswade:
- Yertleswade: Peculiar - Non-fiction books & historical knowledge
- Tumblebar: Monster problems, poor infrastructure

We arrive in Yertleswade, disembark, and I apply some Dwarven beard wax and offer some to Momen. The big building in town appears to be the library, and we head in that direction while discussing Caspar's plan. For a town heavily set in the past, we propose that the large historical change of Astain becoming a duchy presents the perfect opportunity for the historians of Yertleswade to be at the centre of chronicling.

"Library of the Life-Giver" is the name of it, and Tittlin remembers that Life-Giver is the name of one of the elven gods, although he can't remember which. Caspar isn't aware either, unfortunately. In the centre of the library is a large glass dome with a large red slime in the middle, seemingly "making faces" as if it has absorbed people. The receptionist points us to the office of [[Viscount Eariendel Lomber]] office and we proceed. 

Tittlin shouts his name to introduce himself and Momen hauls him out of the office to correct his behaviour while I introduce the monster bashers and Caspar. Caspar presents the order from the Empress and pitches himself as the Duke of Astain, and Momen continues. He presents the Gnoll book on the Warforged as well as the Ornithology book, and while the mayor is familiar with the ornithology book (claiming it to be written by someone from Yertleswade), he is extremely intrigued by the Gnoll book as Momen explains it to him. He mentions "[[Labelas]]", the elven god of longevity, history, and knowledge. It's apparently by his power that elves have gained such long lives and the ability to pass significant knowledge from generation to generation.

Momen then describes Caspar's position in the Datrian nobility, his status as a war hero in The Second Battle of Elkmire Keep, and the historical significance of the events yet to unfold in Astain. He promises the assistance that Caspar could provide by having direct access to him for interviews and such, although the viscount has another proposal. He brings us out to the giant slime (called the [[Elder Oblex]], liberated from a mindflayer) in the dome which disgustingly presses itself against the glass, seemingly wanting to engulf us. 

He interacts with what appears to be a control pedestal, and asks the Oblex about the events on a particular day in the year 134. It backs up from the glass and takes the form of an elf man, who recounts the precise events and details from the day. He explains that the Oblex can absorb the thoughts and memories of those who are willing to contribute, and that it is a highly intelligent creature with the ability to index and recount these memories with absolute precision. The viscount proposes that Caspar go through the process of giving his memories to the Oblex in 50 years or so, and Spesof and Momen encourage Caspar, citing the value and importance of the creature and the library. Momen asks a question about differing perspectives for a single event, and after brief instruction from the viscount the Oblex splits into 7 different figures who each begin to recount the events of the First Battle of Elkmire Keep. Momen is in absolute awe of the Oblex and is amazed that he's never heard of this attraction, although its location in Astain, the backwater location, and monsters around the land typically keep travellers from coming through here.

Caspar is still concerned about the safety of the process, and the viscount pulls out a strange helmet-looking contraption from around the dome and offers for someone else to test it out. I volunteer at first, but after some further consideration I suggest that Momen do it instead. Momen brings the memory of teaching one of his introductory courses to top of mind and takes a seat to begin the process. The viscount restrains Momen to the chair, explaining that any thrashing about could damage the machine and result in *complications*. He comments on the quality of the restraints, and Tittlin cracks a silly joke about the "romance" in "necromancy". Momen brings himself back to focusing on the introductory course, and the process begins. 

Momen sits there with a stern concentrating face for about 20 minutes, at the end of which he flinches and seems a bit staggered. The viscount shuts the machine off and Momen seems a little shaken but otherwise fine. Momen stumbles over to the controls and asks the Oblex a question regarding preparing a skeleton for necromancy. It takes the shape of him, and begins explaining the process back to him. Caspar, seeing Momen unscathed, agrees to commit to the process in 50 years time, and signs a contract that an assistant brings out. Viscount Lomber happily agrees to support Caspar's ascendance to Duke.