---
author: "[[Spesof Beegstick]]"
log number: 186
date: 2024-04-23
---
This place gives me the creeps.

Momen and I take a break to tend to our wounds while Tittlin keeps watch with the [[Bullseye Lantern]]. As we finish up, he whispers to us that he hears something and to follow him. Rounding the corner, we see bloody footsteps leading to a door and a glowing orb towards the end of the hall. Tittlin then tells us to watch that hallway while he wanders off to investigate a statue down the other hall, and of course he manages to run into a drider. Darkness envelopes Momen and Tittlin as I run to assist, and I burst through the other side and come face to face with the drider. A drow opens a door to my right and makes a shushing motion before diving past me into the darkness, and I hear a sword unsheath. I try to catch him with Shifty but nothing connects. I stab into the drider which breaks its concentration and causes the darkness to subside, revealing the drow shadowblade.

Tittlin, bleeding profusely, unsuccessfully attempts to banter with the drow, and the drow begins attacking Momen. I hear the drow snarling at Tittlin in what I assume to be elvish, as well as a loud magical crack from Momen's direction. I hear someone collapse to the ground and see the drow pop briefly into view as he comes through the door in the room next to me, but upon seeing me he spins around and slams the door behind him. Momen shouts at me saying that they're getting massacred - apparently the drow's really been doing a number on both of them.

The drider in front of me attempts to climb away onto the ceiling, but I cut it down and it crashes back to the ground. Tittlin yells out "DROW BEHIND THE DOOR!", and I sprint through the room, bust through the door, and stab the drow in the back. The drow, Momen, and Tittlin all disappear into magical darkness again, and I hear Momen wailing. I bumble through the darkness, coming out onto one side and not finding the drow, and run back through and bump into stone, coming out the other side and still not seeing him. Sharp stabs pierce through my back, but the drow keeps popping in and out so it's ridiculously hard to hit him.

Tittlin meets me on the other side of the darkness, and we briefly pause back to back to see if the drow will appear. We hear a door open and close and I insist that we find and kill the bastard, so Tittlin bolts off into the darkness once again with me in tow. The darkness fades, and I realize that Momen is nowhere to be found! We call out for him but get no response, and begin going door to door searching for Momen. We check a couple rooms which turn up Momen-less, but then come upon a locked door. Tittlin fails to pick the lock, but then we hear it unlock from the inside and make our way in. Momen is resting in the corner, invisible, and tells us that there are more drows in the other room but he managed to passwall out. We take a few weapons from the stash and bicker about the plan on how to proceed, and decide to take the drow head-on while sticking very close together, and charging through the darkness if it gets cast.

I pull out the adamantine portable ram and bust down the door, encountering a rather spooky santanic scene with a drow priestess. I hear a breeze to my side and the shadowblade appears again, striking me with his blade. I slam the door shut and whirl around, deftly positioning behind him and smacking him with Shifty. Suddenly, SPIDERS EVERYWHERE. I manage to shake them off but Momen yelps as he takes a few bites. The drow frustratingly disappears once again, materializing behind Tittlin who is DOWN THE HALL, stabs him twice, and then takes him around the corner.

I sprint after him and catch the drow just around the corner, slashing at him and causing him to drop Tittlin. I hear a clanking and whipping sound from behind me, and see the priestess attacking Momen. The drow ONCE AGAIN blinks behind me, stabbing me in the back three times, and everything goes red as I spin around and cut him into pieces and charge at the priestess. She chants something in elvish and a demon appears in front of us which promptly takes a bite out of me, and everything goes black. What feels like only a moment later, I snap back into consciousness with Momen holding an empty vile, stand up, and cleave one of the priestess's arms clean off. Momen skirts around her and bonks her on the head with his staff, knocking her dead, and the demon disappears.

We all breathe a sigh of relief and gather in the spooky room with the altar and magic circle. Tittlin and Momen investigate the room while I take a seat at the base of one of the statues, and we all then tend to our wounds.