---
author: "[[Tittlin]]"
log number: 198
date: 2024-07-30
---
Hey there, Its me again, Tittlin. We discuss what we are going to do with the remaining dragon that seems to be a part of this problem. Our first goal appears to be to NOT simply run in and get killed. Personally, thats my favourite part but oh well. We ponder with the idea of teaming up with these giants in order to slay the dragon and in doing so, survey the group to see whom amongst the rest of the giants also speak common.

Spesof wanders over to the Frost Giant and starts a conversation with him. It would appear that the dragons are mortal enemies with the giants. We pitch the idea of teaming up to take on the 2 dragons, and the Frost Giants seems unenthusiastic about the idea of it, as the dragons are quite powerful. After some rambling, we come up with the idea that all we need to do, rather than taking out the dragons, is finding out what the leverage is that they have on the storm giant. We landed on the plan of going to the island where the dragons are and doing some reconnaissance. We are also informed that we should avoid using anything magical while on the island. We would also like to talk to Spesof's Grandfather as well as [[Goras Kelrieth]] to see if they knew anything about all of this.

We head back to [[Cedar Combe]] to get the information that we need from Goras, Specifically about the dragons and the island they reside on. He doesnt give us too much information that we dont know. The dragons were a match made in heaven and had quite a few offspring, some of which were banished (lol)

After talking to Goras we sleep for the night, in the morning we head to the [[Spire of Dizif]] and Momen goes on his own adventure to his library to be a nerd and read books. We let [[Hadrian the Disgruntled]] know about what we have learned about the dragons and the situation from the storm, but he seems a little surprised with the chain of efforts done by the dragons, the sea elf, and the storm giant. He lets us know that its likely not the Storm Giant that has been captured but a Storm Giant Quintessent, a Storm that is bound to an object in order to save the Storm Giant from death. The Quintessent typically take on the form of a Blizzard, Thunderstorm, some sort of storm. The dragons are likely controller the focal point of the storm where the Quintessent would be centralized. Given that the shipwrecked were caused from a force below we would likely need to focus on a focal point below the surface of the water rather than above. it would be assumed that the sea elf who runs this all would likely be waiting for a worthy ship to take one down which may be why its only happening once in a blue moon. Before leaving, Hadrian gives us a rundown with how dragon magic actually work and the ties they have to their own loot.

We head back to Ceder Combe to meet up with Momen where he lets us know that the Dragons had actually "supposedly" fought a massive creature and smashed it into the ground where it then sprouted into a volcano. Other than that, just that there were more information about the cult members. And that there is a cult for EACH of the dragons and they dont get along very well. Goras weighs in to say that the creature that the dragon destroyed could have been some sort of Titan, ***The Scion of Surtur***. This is Goras' healthy guess.

I go out and talk to my criminal contacts and supposedly there is a guy in Knightfair who is a recruiter for one of the cults which we dont know which of. We then head off to [[Knight Faire]] in order to try and get more information on this. My criminal contacts in knightfair do know where this guy is and I make my self look like a commoner around his vicinity. After having a conversation with the recruiter, he had given me a brochure to the island and told me to seek out someone by the name of Ryfon Qimys, who leads the cult for the Lady of the Blue.

Before heading off we dump all of our magical gear in the CCMB so that it doesnt get detected or blow up or anything like that. We get to the island and go up to the first cult that we can see - which was the right cult. We do happen to stumble across the cult of the lady dragon. Meanwhile, Spesof meanders to the other side of the island hoping to penetrate the other cult. It would appear that the two cults are nearly identical, both in how they look and their beliefs. We are both taken to the Dragon separately, while momen waits for us outside in the cautions that we get charmed whilst talking to the dragon.

On the inside, spesof and I actually run into eachother with the tour guides where we meet in a room filled with lava and a Giant Corpse in the middle of it. The guides then take us down even further where we meet up with some sort of minstrel. The guides play a game of rock paper scissors where it seems that my guide wins and sends me forward closer to the lavapit.