---
author: "[[Tittlin]]"
log number: 204
date: 2024-09-11
---
Momen and I try to to figure out where [[Folduin Waesvaris]] is on this rainy rock place. After some discussion we decide that I should throw my hood up and start wondering to see if I could find something special and dont come up with much so I head around town. I did however find someone who has the same tattoo as some of [[Folduin Waesvaris]] other henchmen. He seems to be sitting at the bar and drinking. After discussing with the group It is decided that Ill tail him for a bit.

After some drinking the lad goes to some sort of apartment where I wait outside for him to reemerge. He comes out early in the morning to come over to a sizeable house on the west part of the town. There seems to be quite a few people going in and out and some bolster the same Tattoo. It is expected now that these people are actually apart of the same crew that the other guard was apart of that Spesof knew. On the ground floor it seems like I can see Folduin eating but after staring long enough it seems like he is ALSO an illusion as the food is infinite while he eats it. I go back to the boat to relay the information about what I have found.

Momen gets excited and decides to show us a bunch of sheep knuckles. as far as I can tell hes not starting a Coat company called Sheep Knuckles so I would assume hes going to use these to do some magic, and even further, that hes going to go in an in depth explanation of exactly what he was going to do with them, and that he does. Hes going to use it to try to detect stuff in the house by using Augury - giving us information on whether or not doing something will yield bad resuts. THe plan is that Ill go into the house and check for the REAL foldwin (hopefully disguised), momen will be there as a backup in case something goes wrong with me, and spesof will have the boat on standby just incase something REALLY goes wrong. Momen whispers the plan to the bones and roles them and it turns out that our plan is LIKELY going to succeed so we are going through with it. 

Going through the house I find a room with a trapdoor leading under the house and into the trap door. I decided to inform momen that Im going in before I actually go. Under the house theres a large room with a button in the middle and what appears to be two large pistons on either side. At the end of the room theres a locked door which I would assume is opened by pressing the button. Being cautious I go out and elect momen and spesof to come with me invisible as well.

*(Intermission while Ben fixes connection issues)*

We all enter the room and Momen pulls out the Drift Globe after I do a quick scan to see if we are able to figure out what is going. Spesof decides to just shove the pillar down and it causes a click. He also tries to push down the other one with no luck so we all get on it and jump until it clicks where spesof falls flat on his face. Afterwards spesof goes to see if he can push the door and ends up pushing his arm right through the whole door. Before actually going through we decide to check all the walls to find out that the walls seem to be hollow in one manner or another. Either way we decide to just crunch through the door.

On the other side we find a table with some wood and tools as well as a weird area where a wall actually looks like it is a door. We can see loose hinges on the wall. Spesof tried pushing on the wall but nothing happens. Momen decides that he is going to use the ring of xray vision ring.  Passed the wall we can see a strange creature that we dont really know of as well as a table with 2 pistols on it.

Momen goes back to check out the pillars and sees enemies placed within them, it would be assumed that the pillars probably releases them when the button is pressed. Meanwhile I go and check out the workbench in the other room. In doing so I accidentally touch a saw that compelled me to work on the wood. It would appear that I am building a door. While doing so, Spesof gets distracted and pull out the nail that was apparently holding up the workbench and the whole thing collapses and the magical effects dissipate immediately. 

Momen passwall's us through to the other side where a buzzing creature waits. The room is divided 4 sections, and when I enter the 2nd section the creature turns into a mirrored version of me in the 3rd section. Anything that enters this area gets mirrored. After some playing around it is discovered that this Creatures wants to duel with the pistols. I take him up on this and fail my first attempt to win the duel. 